Dmitriy Ivkov
I found the explicit time and guidance throughout the brainstorming and initial ideation process to be very helpful. Particularly the assignments and the class time allocated to specifically research topic exploration, I really enjoyed. I thought it helped me pick out a topic I enjoyed more and overall made the research project more interesting. One part of the writing process that I worked on more was the critical source database exploration. I think I found my sources pretty early on, but I'm sure if I dedicated more time to using these tools, I could have found more relevant sources.
Some changes I chose to incorporate from individual feedback were: Opting to add more to the paragraphs focusing on the connection between the actual source and what makes it relevant to my actual thesis and adding more narrative surrounding how the statistics fit in with my claims.
I did consider the audience for my project. The audience I had in mind was of a technical background who might be familiar with terminology such as eutrophication and might be more understanding of my little sciences. I structured my multimodal piece accordingly by opting to include more numbers, statistics, and technical language. My choice to present my multimodal piece as a website is also influenced by this awareness of the audience. I feel like the website layout made it more convenient to display interactive statistics in a digestible way.
There were significant changes to my first final draft. In my first draft, there was a lot of uncertainty surrounding the direction I wanted to go. I considered analyzing economic impacts or just various environmental things, but by the end I didn't, on specifically environmental impacts at Lake Ativan .Additionally, by the end, the subject matter had changed substantially, with annotated bibliography entries restructured in a more deliberate manner and linked to the actual thesis.
I think Writing 7-3 helped me begin writing in a more focused and deliberate way. In 7-1 and 2, there was a focus between overly tight and very discontinuous phrases or very extensive run-on meaningless sentences. I feel like Writing 7-3 sort of found a balance where there were fewer filler words and yet the sentences still flowed naturally.
I think my experience of writing Simon 3 was different from previous assignments, largely because of the expression I got from the multi-modal piece. I really enjoyed being able to develop it as a website: it was both more interesting and expressive.
The multimodal aspect of the project helped me realize that college writing can be more interesting than the typical mundane essays.